Updates for 5.9 (#12)
WordPress/classic-widgets: readme.txt

= Are there any settings? =

No, there are no settings. Once activated, this plugin restores the previous ("classic") WordPress widgets screen and disables the block editor from managing widgets.

= Does this work with full site editing and block themes? =

> No, as a block themes relies on blocks. [See Block themes article](https://wordpress.org/support/article/block-themes/) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
No, as block themes rely on blocks. [See Block themes article](https://wordpress.org/support/article/block-themes/) for more information.
```

Thank you @anton-vlasenko for reviewing.
